{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\vieww12720\viewh12800\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Movie\cf3 Theatre
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 What is it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
MovieTheatre is a small DVD player app. It is intended as an example\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 How do I use it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
I've tried to model UKDistributedView close to NSTableView. There is a delegate, a data source, and a numberOfItemsInDistributedView: method. To provide the data for your items, implement\
	
\f2\fs20 distributedView:positionForCell:atItemIndex:
\f1\fs24 \
and assign the desired values to the NSCell (which you can change using 
\f2\fs20 setPrototype: 
\f1\fs24 - a Finder-icon-like cell class is included).\
\
The header and implementation files are pretty decently commented and should give you all the clues you need after reading through the example application's source code. Familiarity with NSTableView and co. is definitely helpful.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 What License is this under?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
The parts of MovieTheatre are free for use in Freeware and in-house applications, as long as you put a notice somewhere visible (about screen is OK) in the application that states that you're using UKDistributedView (c) 2005 by M. Uli Kusterer. You must also make any changes you do to the source code available to me so I can consider them for inclusion in the official distribution.\
\
Use in a Shareware or Commercial product is 10 \'db (EUR), which gives you a valid license for all releases up to the next major revision (i.e. if you buy 1.1, you'll get 1.5 for free, but you'll have to pay again for 2.0 - Note that 0.x releases count as 1.x in this regard).\
\
You may distribute the source code as long as no more than the cost price of the actual transfer medium (online fees or media cost) are charged, and the code is unchanged, and this readme file is included. If you want to distribute this code otherwise, contact me to get a license.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Revisions:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1700\fi-1700\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	0.1 -	First Public Release\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b \cf2 Contact Information:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
You can find the newest version of UKDistributedView at\
	http://www.zathras.de/angelweb/sourcecode.htm#MovieTheatre\
\
E-Mail:	witness (dot) of (dot) teachtext (at) gmx.net\
\
\
\
\
M. Uli Kusterer, Heidelberg, 2005-06-29}